so as part of our command vision we have
actually two topics one a seamless
experience and the other one is remote
convenience so seamless experience means
that you can continue digital lifestyle
in the car now at remote convenience
that means you can configure your
vehicle from awkward you can send
destinations and send routes to the
vehicle
with that we offer customers to
basically use the applications as they
are used to you know from their
smartphones from their PC or home
environment in the car
so what I would like to explain to you
today is how command online works
especially in the newbie class we have
developed Mercedes Benz apps which we
will lounge with the newbie class we
have Google local search we have whether
we have destination route download here
we go this is Google local search with
different selections like search search
history popular searches we can go in
there and select this for example hotel
now brand new in the big class actually
Facebook so that you can check in two
places you can share the see nation
where you're driving to with your
friends very easy to use basically all
my friends which use Facebook and if
they check in two places I can see it
here and we can meet up very easily I
don't need to like you know type in the
destination while driving I can already
see where they are this is a big step
for mercedes-benz and actually overall
in the industry we are actually within
the leaders in this segment of offering
cloud-based infotainment solutions which
mercedes-benz have strictly developed
next so please give us some feedback and
we'll be forward to engage with you in
some discussions and conversations and
thank you very much for your attention